# Policies

## Generative AI

We are in an exciting area of generative AI development with the release of tools such as [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/), [DALL-E](https://openai.com/dall-e-2), [GitHub Copilot](https://github.com/features/copilot), [Bing Chat](https://www.bing.com/chat), [Bard](https://bard.google.com/), [Copy.ai](https://www.copy.ai/), and many more.
This course will permit these tools' ethical and responsible use except when explicitly noted.
For example, you can use these tools as an on-demand tutor by explaining complex topics.

Other ways are undoubtedly possible, but any use should aid&mdash;not replace&mdash;your learning.
You must also be aware of the following aspects of generative AI.

-   **AI limitations:**
    While AI programs can be valuable resources, they may produce inaccurate, biased, or incomplete material.
    Each program has its unique limitations as well.

-   **Bias and accuracy:**
    Scrutinizing each aspect of these enormous data sets used to train these products is infeasible.
    AI will inherit biases and inaccuracies from these sources and human influences in fine-tuning.
    You must be critical and skeptical of anything generated from these models and verify information from trusted sources.

-   **Critical thinking:**
    Understand that AI is a tool, not a replacement for your analysis and critical thinking skills.
    AI to enhance your understanding and productivity, but remember that your development as a scholar depends on your ability to engage independently with the material.

-   **Academic integrity:**
    Plagiarism extends to content generated by AI.
    Using AI-generated material without proper attribution is a violation of academic integrity policies.
    Always give credit to AI-generated content and adhere to citation rules.

    Furthermore, text from AI tools should be treated as someone else's work&mdash;because it is.
    You should never copy and paste text directly.

-   **AI detection:**
    As discussed [here](https://teaching.pitt.edu/generative-ai-resources-for-faculty/), the University Center for Teaching and Learning does not recommend using AI detection tools like [turnitin](https://www.turnitin.com/solutions/topics/ai-writing/) due to high false positive rates.
    I will not use AI detection tools in any capacity for this course and trust that you will use these tools responsibly when permitted and desired.

Remember that generative AI is helpful when used responsibly.
You can ethically benefit from these technological advances by adhering to these guidelines.
Embrace this opportunity to expand your skill set and engage thoughtfully with emerging technologies.
If you have any questions about AI tool usage, please get in touch with me for clarification and guidance.

## Equity, diversity, and inclusion

The University of Pittsburgh does not tolerate any form of discrimination, harassment, or retaliation based on disability, race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, genetic information, marital status, familial status, sex, age, sexual orientation, veteran status or gender identity or other factors as stated in the University's Title IX policy.
The University is committed to taking prompt action to end a hostile environment that interferes with the University's mission.
For more information about policies, procedures, and practices, visit the [Civil Rights & Title IX Compliance web page](https://www.diversity.pitt.edu/civil-rights-title-ix-compliance).

I ask that everyone in the class strive to help ensure that other members of this class can learn in a supportive and respectful environment.
If there are instances of the aforementioned issues, please contact the Title IX Coordinator, by calling 412-648-7860 or emailing [titleixcoordinator@pitt.edu](mailto:titleixcoordinator@pitt.edu).
Reports can also be [filed online](https://www.diversity.pitt.edu/civil-rights-title-ix/make-report/report-form).
You may also choose to report this to a faculty/staff member; they are required to communicate this to the University's Office of Diversity and Inclusion.
If you wish to maintain complete confidentiality, you may also contact the University Counseling Center (412-648-7930).

## Academic integrity

Students in this course will be expected to comply with the [University of Pittsburgh's Policy on Academic Integrity](https://www.provost.pitt.edu/academic-integrity-guidelines).
Any student suspected of violating this obligation during the semester will be required to participate in the procedural process initiated at the instructor level, as outlined in the University Guidelines on Academic Integrity.
This may include, but is not limited to, the confiscation of the examination of any individual suspected of violating University Policy.
Furthermore, no student may bring unauthorized materials to an exam, including dictionaries and programmable calculators.

To learn more about Academic Integrity, visit the [Academic Integrity Guide](https://pitt.libguides.com/academicintegrity/) for an overview.
For hands-on practice, complete the [Understanding and Avoiding Plagiarism tutorial](https://pitt.libguides.com/academicintegrity/plagiarism).

## Disability services

If you have a disability for which you are or may be requesting an accommodation, you are encouraged to contact both your instructor and [Disability Resources and Services](https://www.diversity.pitt.edu/disability-access/disability-resources-and-services) (DRS), 140 William Pitt Union, (412) 648-7890, `drsrecep@pitt.edu`, (412) 228-5347 for P3 ASL users, as early as possible in the term.
DRS will verify your disability and determine reasonable accommodations for this course.

## Email communication

Upon admittance, each student is issued a University email address (`username@pitt.edu`).
The University may use this email address for official communication with students.
Students are expected to read emails sent to this account regularly.
Failure to read and react to University communications promptly does not absolve the student from knowing and complying with the content of the communications.
The University provides an email forwarding service that allows students to read their email via other service providers (e.g., Gmail, AOL, Yahoo).
Students who forward their email from their `pitt.edu` address to another address do so at their own risk.
If email is lost due to forwarding, it does not absolve the student from responding to official communications sent to their University email address.

## Religious observances

The observance of religious holidays (activities observed by a religious group of which a student is a member) and cultural practices are an important reflection of diversity.
As your instructor, I am committed to providing equivalent educational opportunities to students of all belief systems.
At the beginning of the semester, you should review the course requirements to identify foreseeable conflicts with assignments, exams, or other required attendance.
If possible, please contact me (your course coordinator/s) within the first two weeks of the first class meeting to allow time for us to discuss and make fair and reasonable adjustments to the schedule and/or tasks.

## Sexual misconduct, required reporting, and Title IX

If you are experiencing sexual assault, sexual harassment, domestic violence, and stalking, please report it to me and I will connect you to University resources to support you.

University faculty and staff members are required to report all instances of sexual misconduct, including harassment and sexual violence to the Office of Civil Rights and Title IX.
When a report is made, individuals can expect to be contacted by the Title IX Office with information about support resources and options related to safety, accommodations, process, and policy.
I encourage you to use the services and resources that may be most helpful to you.

As your instructor, I am required to report any incidents of sexual misconduct that are directly reported to me.
You can also report directly to Office of Civil Rights and Title IX: 412-648-7860 (M-F; 8:30am-5:00pm) or via the Pitt Concern Connection at: [Make A Report](https://app.convercent.com/en-US/LandingPage/2d6327d5-9fec-ea11-a974-000d3ab9f296?_=1612800567898).

An important exception to the reporting requirement exists for academic work.
Disclosures about sexual misconduct that are shared as a relevant part of an academic project, classroom discussion, or course assignment, are not required to be disclosed to the University's Title IX office.

If you wish to make a confidential report, Pitt encourages you to reach out to these resources:

-   The University Counseling Center: 412-648-7930 (8:30 A.M. TO 5 P.M. M-F) and 412-648-7856 (AFTER BUSINESS HOURS)
-   Pittsburgh Action Against Rape (community resource): 1-866-363-7273 (24/7)

If you have an immediate safety concern, please contact the University of Pittsburgh Police, 412-624-2121

Any form of sexual harassment or violence will not be excused or tolerated at the University of Pittsburgh.

For additional information, please visit the [full syllabus statement](https://www.diversity.pitt.edu/civil-rights-title-ix/make-report/responsible-employee-program-and-reporting) on the Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion webpage.

## Statement on classroom recording

To ensure the free and open discussion of ideas, students may not record classroom lectures, discussions and/or activities without the advance written permission of the instructor, and any such recording properly approved in advance can be used solely for the student's private use.
